Mention homebrew/cask-fonts (#3)
moritzsternemann/homebrew-apple-fonts: README.md

> Homebrew Casks for Apples fonts for easy installation.
> All Casks just link to the downloads from [developer.apple.com/fonts](https://developer.apple.com/fonts/).
> 
> > All fonts in this tap are also available in [`homebrew/cask-fonts`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask-fonts).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ This tap is no longer maintained since Apple fonts are now available in the official [`homebrew/cask-fonts`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask-fonts) tap. ⚠️

Homebrew Casks for Apples fonts for easy installation.
All Casks just link to the downloads from [developer.apple.com/fonts](https://developer.apple.com/fonts/).
```
